chore(vendir): migrate upstream chart to helm/cert-manager/charts/cert-manager (#614)
giantswarm/cert-manager-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Moved vendored chart to `helm/cert-manager/charts/` and adapted sync scripts to follow new structure.

### Breaking Changes

> - Values will now need to use the upstream chart key `cert-manager` instead of root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Helm values to be passed to the upstream `cert-manager` chart will now need to use the `cert-manager` path instead of root. For example, the value `crds.enabled: true` must now be set with `cert-manager.crds.enabled: true`.
```

Reviewer: I'd also suggest moving `Breaking Changes` before `Changed`
